feat: add Collect Cards guide (#102)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/collect/collect-cards.mdx

## Getting Started

<GettingStartedSection />

### Creating a Public Application

Next you will need you'll need a [Public Application](/docs/api/applications) using our PCI-compliant template `Collect PCI Data`. [Click here to create one.](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=db9148c1-a55f-4164-b830-a20ab6d720ae)

This will create an application with the following [Access Controls](/docs/concepts/access-controls):
* Permissions: `token:create`, `token:update`
* Containers: `/pci/`
* Transform: `mask`

<Alert>
  Save the API Key from the created Public Application as it will be used later in this guide.
</Alert>

## Configuring Basis Theory Elements

<ConfigureElementsSection />

## Adding Card Elements

> Once installed and configured, add the Card Elements to your application. This will enable your users to type in their card data in your form, while ensuring your systems never come in contact with the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once installed and configured, add the Card Elements to your application. This will enable your users to type in their card data in your form, while ensuring your systems never touch the data.
```

  // Binds card brand to verification code element
  cardNumberElement.on('change', ({ cardBrand }) => {
    cardVerificationCodeElement.update({ cardBrand });
  });
  //highlight-end
}

init();
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="react" label="React">

```jsx showLineNumbers title=App.jsx
import React, { useRef, useState } from 'react';
import {
  BasisTheoryProvider,
  // highlight-start
  CardNumberElement,
  CardExpirationDateElement,
  CardVerificationCodeElement,
  //highlight-end
  useBasisTheory,
} from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-react';

export default function App() {
  const { bt } = useBasisTheory('test_1234567890', { elements: true });
  // highlight-start
  // Refs to get access to the Elements instance
  const cardNumberRef = useRef(null);
  const cardExpirationRef = useRef(null);
  const cardVerificationRef = useRef(null);
  // highlight-end

  // highlight-start
  // stores the current card brand in state, to pass to CardVerificationCodeElement
  const [cardBrand, setCardBrand] = useState();
  // highlight-end

  return (
    <BasisTheoryProvider bt={bt}>
      // highlight-start
      <CardNumberElement
        id="myCardNumber"
        ref={cardNumberRef}

>         onChange={({ cardBrand }) => setCardBrand(cardBrand)}

Reviewer 2: I thought we fixed this but the linter gets mad about this w/ me?
We'd need to add `import { Brand } from "@basis-theory/basis-theory-react/types";` and cast `Brand` on:
`const [cardBrand, setCardBrand] = useState<Brand>();`

Author: Let's go with JS on this guide and add more Typescript examples in React documentation

  //highlight-start
  cardElement = bt.createElement('card');
  await cardElement.mount('#card');
  //highlight-end
};

init();
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="react" label="React">

```jsx showLineNumbers title=App.jsx
import React, { useRef } from 'react';
import {
  BasisTheoryProvider,
  // highlight-next-line
  CardElement,
  useBasisTheory,
} from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-react';

export default function App() {
  const { bt } = useBasisTheory('test_1234567890', { elements: true });
  // highlight-start
  // Ref to get access to the Element instance
  const cardRef = useRef(null);
  // highlight-end

  return (
    <BasisTheoryProvider bt={bt}>
      // highlight-start
      <CardElement
        id="myCard"
        ref={cardRef}
      />
      // highlight-end
    </BasisTheoryProvider>
  );
}
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="ios" label="iOS">

```text
CardElement is not yet available for iOS. If you need this feature, please let us know.

https://basistheory.com/contact
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="android" label="Android">

```text
CardElement is not yet available for Android. If you need this feature, please let us know.

> https://basistheory.com/contact

Reviewer: having the link show up looks weird

    const token = await bt.tokens.create({
      type: 'card',
      data: {
        number: cardNumberElement,
        expiration_month: cardExpirationDateElement.month(),
        expiration_year: cardExpirationDateElement.year(),
        cvc: cardVerificationCodeElement,
      }
    });
    // store token.id in your database
  } catch (error) {
    console.error(error);
  }
}
// highlight-end

init();
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="react" label="React">

```jsx showLineNumbers title=App.jsx
import React, { useRef, useState } from 'react';
import {
  BasisTheoryProvider,
  CardNumberElement,
  CardExpirationDateElement,
  CardVerificationCodeElement,
  useBasisTheory,
} from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-react';

export default function App() {
  const { bt } = useBasisTheory('test_1234567890', { elements: true });
  // Refs to get access to the Elements instance
  const cardNumberRef = useRef(null);
  const cardExpirationRef = useRef(null);
  const cardVerificationRef = useRef(null);
  // stores the current card brand in state, to pass to CardVerificationCodeElement
  const [cardBrand, setCardBrand] = useState();

  // highlight-start
  const submit = async () => {
    try {

>       const token = await bt.tokens.create({

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      const token = await bt?.tokens.create({
```

Same as before, linter may complain `bt` can be possibly undefined

        type: 'card',
        data: {
          number: cardNumberRef.current,

>           expiration_month: cardExpirationRef.month(),

Reviewer 2: And here, linter will complain about this methods if we don't cast the interface types. Its up to you though.
I don't think its a big deal personally and wouldn't mind, but depends on the person I guess

Reviewer 2: Actually I think it does matter, it may say its not a function because it inherits the React ref type.

>           expiration_month: cardExpirationRef.month(),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          expiration_month: cardExpirationRef.current.month(),
```

>           expiration_year: cardExpirationRef.year(),

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          expiration_year: cardExpirationRef.current.year(),
```

        }
      });
      // store token.id in your database
    } catch (error) {
      console.error(error);
    }
  }
  // highlight-end

  return (
    <BasisTheoryProvider bt={bt}>
      ...
      // highlight-next-line
      <button onClick={submit}>Submit</button>
    </BasisTheoryProvider>
  );
}
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="ios" label="iOS">

```swift showLineNumbers title=ViewController.swift
import Foundation
import UIKit
// highlight-next-line
import BasisTheoryElements
import Combine

class ViewController: UIViewController {
    @IBOutlet weak var cardNumberTextField: CardNumberUITextField!
    @IBOutlet weak var expirationDateTextField: CardExpirationDateUITextField!
    @IBOutlet weak var cvcTextField: CardVerificationCodeUITextField!

    // highlight-start
      @IBAction func tokenize(_ sender: Any) {
        let body: [String: Any] = [
            "type": "card",
            "data": [
                "number": self.cardNumberTextField,
                "expiration_month": self.expirationDateTextField.month(),
                "expiration_year": self.expirationDateTextField.year(),
                "cvc": self.cvcTextField
            ]
        ]

>         BasisTheoryElements.tokenize(body: body, apiKey: config.btApiKey!) { token, error in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        BasisTheoryElements.tokenize(body: body, apiKey: "test_1234567890") { token, error in
```
doesn't look like `config` is defined here. but you could replace this with the plaintext API key

Author: I copied from [here](https://developers.basistheory.com/docs/sdks/mobile/ios/types#collecting-card-data-example). Should we update it as well?

Reviewer 3: yeah, definitely. looks like that slipped in!

Author: What is the recommendation for injecting configuration of such sensitive data? When I copied that I kind of was assuming that the `config.btApiKey` was a standard people would recognize.

Reviewer 3: sorry about that. I may have added to the confusion here. that config is something we created so that we wouldn't have to leak our own test API keys from our public repo. in general, because an iOS app is something that is purely client side where you could inspect traffic or decompile the app (more involved with iOS but straightforward with Android) it's normal to treat everything on an iOS app as public. similar to all the client side code we use for elements

Author: Got it. Thank you for the detailed explanation.

</Alert>

The created card `token` object contains the non-sensitive information about the tokenized card, which follows the [Card Token specification](/docs/api/tokens/token-types#card):

```json showLineNumbers title=token.json
{
  "id": "d2cbc1b4-5c3a-45a3-9ee2-392a1c475ab4",
  "type": "card",
  "tenant_id": "15f48eb5-8b52-4cdd-a396-608f7cf001d0",
  "data": {
    "number": "XXXXXXXXXXXX4242",
    "expiration_month": 12,
    "expiration_year": 2025
  },
  "created_by": "4a6ae2a6-79f8-4640-968f-88db913743df",
  "created_at": "2023-04-17T12:54:44.8320458+00:00",
  "mask": {
    "number": "{{ data.number | reveal_last: 4 }}",
    "expiration_month": "{{ data.expiration_month }}",
    "expiration_year": "{{ data.expiration_year }}"
  },
  "privacy": {
    "classification": "pci",
    "impact_level": "high",
    "restriction_policy": "mask"
  },
  "search_indexes": [],
  "containers": [
    "/pci/high/"
  ]
}
```

You can safely store the token's primary key `id` in your database to link it with the appropriate checkout, user profile, subscription, or any other record that requires association with the card.

> Notice how the card `number`, also known as Primary Account Number (PAN), has been masked before it is returned to your application. This default behavior prevents your application being pulled in PCI DSS scope, for it only comes in contact with a truncated portion of the cardholder data. Later in this guide we will learn how to [customize masking](#masking).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice how the card `number`, also known as Primary Account Number (PAN), has been masked before it is returned to your application. This default behavior prevents your application being pulled in PCI DSS scope, since it only comes in touch with a truncated portion of the cardholder data. Later in this guide we will learn how to [customize masking](#masking).
```

## Customizing Tokens

> The steps so far cover most cases when you need to collect cards in your frontend and store them in a secure location. However, in some scenarios you may need to customize your card tokens for specific business needs or technical requirements. In the following sections, you will find optional steps to follow for common problems solved by [Basis Theory Token capabilities](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#what-are-the-capabilities-of-a-token).

Reviewer: It would be cool if we could collapse all the optional sections

Author: Agree. Ruled out of scope in this one.

> ### Deduplication

Reviewer: should we add a label for optional steps like (Optional) or something?

Author: Let's try to find a pattern in next few guides.

> Companies often find it necessary to uniquely identify cards flowing through their systems for various reasons, which may include: preventing fraudulent transactions, detecting abuse of credit cards, building consumer profiles or streamlining payment processing for a better user experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Companies often find it necessary to uniquely identify cards flowing through their systems for various reasons, which may include: preventing fraudulent transactions, detecting credit cards abuse, building consumer profiles or streamlining payment processing for a better user experience.
```

> By leveraging [token fingerprinting](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#fingerprinting), developers can recognize the tokenized data in a customizable fashion, without having to come in contact with the plaintext data. For cards, it is common to index in the Primary Account Number (PAN). In some cases the expiration date may also be considered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By leveraging [token fingerprinting](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#fingerprinting), developers can recognize the tokenized data in a customizable fashion, without having to touch the plaintext data. For cards, it is common to index the Primary Account Number (PAN). In some cases the expiration date may also be considered.
```

  const submit = async () => {
    try {
      const token = await bt.tokens.create({
        type: 'card',
        data: {
          number: cardNumberRef.current,
          expiration_month: cardExpirationRef.month(),
          expiration_year: cardExpirationRef.year(),
          cvc: cardVerificationRef.current,
        },
        // highlight-start
        fingerprintExpression: '{{ data.number }}',
        // highlight-end
      });
    } catch (error) {
      console.error(error);
    }
  }

  return (...);
}
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="ios" label="iOS">

```swift showLineNumbers title=ViewController.swift
class ViewController: UIViewController {
      @IBAction func tokenize(_ sender: Any) {
        let body: [String: Any] = [
            "type": "card",
            "data": [
                "number": self.cardNumberTextField,
                "expiration_month": self.expirationDateTextField.month(),
                "expiration_year": self.expirationDateTextField.year(),
                "cvc": self.cvcTextField
            ],
            // highlight-start
            "fingerprint_expression": "{{ data.number }}"
            // highlight-end
        ]

>         BasisTheoryElements.tokenize(body: body, apiKey: config.btApiKey!) { token, error in

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        BasisTheoryElements.tokenize(body: body, apiKey: "test_1234567890") { token, error in
```

            val expiration_month = "{{ data.expiration_month }}"
            val expiration_year = "{{ data.expiration_year }}"
          }
          // highlight-end
        })
      }
    }
}
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

Now, the created token should also reveal the BIN:

```json showLineNumbers title=token.json
{
  "id": "d2cbc1b4-5c3a-45a3-9ee2-392a1c475ab4",
  "type": "card",
  "tenant_id": "15f48eb5-8b52-4cdd-a396-608f7cf001d0",
  "data": {
    // highlight-next-line
    "number": "42424242XXXX4242",
    "expiration_month": 12,
    "expiration_year": 2025
  },
  "created_by": "4a6ae2a6-79f8-4640-968f-88db913743df",
  "created_at": "2023-04-17T12:54:44.8320458+00:00",
  "fingerprint": "CC2XvyoohnqecEq4r3FtXv6MdCx4TbaW1UUTdCCN5MNL",
  "fingerprint_expression": "{{ data.number }}",
  "mask": {
    // highlight-next-line
    "number": "{{ data.number | card_mask: 'true', 'true' }}",
    "expiration_month": "{{ data.expiration_month }}",
    "expiration_year": "{{ data.expiration_year }}"
  },
  "privacy": {
    "classification": "pci",
    "impact_level": "high",
    "restriction_policy": "mask"
  },
  "search_indexes": [],
  "containers": [
    "/pci/high/"
  ]
}
```

> In the example above, we instruct Basis Theory to reveal both segments, without having to worry about the card brand or number length. [Click here to learn more about Masking](/docs/expressions/masks).

Reviewer: I think we should either not reveal both as the example or add a warning that this means for a 16 digit card, only 4 digits are masked which would make it easy to brute force the actual number

### Aliasing

> While storing or transmitting tokens between systems, you may encounter restrictive technical constraints that can draw the default token Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) incompatible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While storing or sharing tokens between systems, you may encounter restrictive technical constraints that can draw the default token Universally Unique Identifier (UUID) incompatible.
```

> In the example below, we will pass a predefined token `id` that follows a custom logic, which resembles an alternative format used in the payments industry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example below, we will pass a predefined token `id` that follows custom logic, which resembles an alternative format used in the payments industry:
```

Author: I believe "which" makes "a" required in this case.

<Tabs className="bt-tabs" queryString="sdk">
  <TabItem value="javascript" label="JavaScript">

```javascript showLineNumbers title=index.js
// highlight-start

> function generateTokenId() {

Reviewer: this example id feels weird, i would actually use an alias filter instead

Author: It is common practice, specially for Token Portability.

Author: I will state that.

```json showLineNumbers title=token.json
{
  // highlight-next-line
  "id": "card_1Mxqr82eZvKYlo2CSaatci3m",
  "type": "card",
  "tenant_id": "15f48eb5-8b52-4cdd-a396-608f7cf001d0",
  "data": {
    "number": "42424242XXXX4242",
    "expiration_month": 12,
    "expiration_year": 2025
  },
  "created_by": "4a6ae2a6-79f8-4640-968f-88db913743df",
  "created_at": "2023-04-17T12:54:44.8320458+00:00",
  "fingerprint": "CC2XvyoohnqecEq4r3FtXv6MdCx4TbaW1UUTdCCN5MNL",
  "fingerprint_expression": "{{ data.number }}",
  "mask": {
    "number": "{{ data.number | card_mask: 'true', 'true' }}",
    "expiration_month": "{{ data.expiration_month }}",
    "expiration_year": "{{ data.expiration_year }}"
  },
  "privacy": {
    "classification": "pci",
    "impact_level": "high",
    "restriction_policy": "mask"
  },
  "search_indexes": [],
  "containers": [
    "/pci/high/"
  ]
}
```

Aliasing also supports passing custom data-bound expressions, that can generate length and format-preserving token identifiers. [Click here to learn more about Aliasing](/docs/expressions/aliasing).

[//]: # (TODO: add 6-8 digit BIN + last 4 example, )

## Conclusion

> The best practices prescribed in this guide ensure that your user-facing applications are compliant with the PCI-DSS standards and your users' sensitive card data is protected. The `token.id` obtained at the end of the [Storing Cards](#storing-cards) section is a synthetic replacement for the sensitive data and can be safely stored in your database, or transmitted through your systems, meeting compliance requirements and reducing the risk of exposure in case of data breaches.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best practices prescribed in this guide ensure that your user-facing applications are compliant with the PCI-DSS standards and your users' sensitive card data is protected. The `token.id` obtained at the end of the [Storing Cards](#storing-cards) section is a synthetic replacement for the sensitive data and can be safely stored in your database, or shared through your systems, meeting compliance requirements and reducing the risk of exposure in case of data breaches.
```

Author: "Transmitted" is the right term here to invoke internal use of tokens.

> The optional [customization steps](#customizing-tokens) are meant for showcase platform capabilities that go beyond the examples given. Make sure to explore the provided links within each subsection to learn more about the possibilities for customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The optional [customization steps](#customizing-tokens) are meant to showcase platform capabilities that go beyond the examples given. Make sure to explore the provided links within each subsection to learn more about the possibilities for customization.
```

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

import { Alert } from "@site/src/components/shared/Alert";
import GettingStartedSection from "@site/src/components/docs/_getting-started-section.mdx";
import ConfigureElementsSection from "@site/src/components/docs/_configure-elements-section.mdx";

# Collect Cards

> When building an e-commerce application, subscription service, or enabling one-time purchases, one of the critical requirements is collecting and storing cardholder data securely. However, it can be challenging to navigate the complex regulatory landscape, particularly PCI DSS, and ensure that your application meets all the necessary security standards.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
When building an e-commerce application, subscription service, or enabling one-time purchases, one of the critical requirements is collecting and storing cardholder data securely. However, it can be challenging to navigate the PCI DSS and ensure that your application meets all the necessary security controls required to comply.
```

Author: "the PCI DSS" or just "PCI DSS"?

> In this guide, we will set up SDKs to capture cards in the frontend, Web or Mobile, and securely store the cardholder data as tokens with the Basis Theory Platform. Given it is followed as it is, your user-facing applications and database are completely removed from the compliance scope.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In this guide, we will use Basis Theory SDKs to capture cards in a frontend application, Web or Mobile, and securely store the cardholder data as tokens with the Basis Theory Platform. Given this guide is followed step by step, your applications, systems, and databases are removed from 95% of PCI compliance scope.
```

Reviewer 4: we probably want to be a bit careful using "completely" in the future as well. The intent behind the statement is right, although could be construed differently legally.

Author: I noticed that too in other spots in our documentation. Felt like previous author had went through the scrutiny for using that language. I agree with this though.

Author: > your applications, systems, and databases
Can we say all that based on this single guide though?

Reviewer 4: > I noticed that too in other spots in our documentation. Felt like previous authors went through the scrutiny for using that language. I agree with this though.

Yea, we should revisit all of the other guides for this type of statement as well. I'll take it back to Jin to make sure, although "completely" isn't accurate unfortunately

Reviewer 4: > your applications, systems, and databases

> Can we say all that based on this single guide though?

I added "..scope when collecting cards." to the end of that sentence. Do you think that makes sense? Basically just saying, for this specific use-case we remove 95% of the requirements.

if not, we could probably write it a bit more generic and say "overall we reduce 95% and this is once step of that" 🤷🏻‍♂️

<!-- Flowchart source code done with Mermaid, later "radified" -->
<!--  -->

## Getting Started

<GettingStartedSection />

### Creating a Public Application

Next you will need you'll need a [Public Application](/docs/api/applications) using our PCI-compliant template `Collect PCI Data`. [Click here to create one.](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=db9148c1-a55f-4164-b830-a20ab6d720ae)

This will create an application with the following [Access Controls](/docs/concepts/access-controls):
* Permissions: `token:create`, `token:update`
* Containers: `/pci/`
* Transform: `mask`

<Alert>
  Save the API Key from the created Public Application as it will be used later in this guide.
</Alert>

## Configuring Basis Theory Elements

<ConfigureElementsSection />

## Adding Card Elements

> Once properly installed and configured, add the Card Elements to your application. This will enable users to type in their card data in your form, while refraining from your systems to come in contact with it.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Once installed and configured, please add the Card Elements to your application. This will enable your users to type in their card data in your form while ensuring your systems never come in contact with the data.
```

Author: I find it common to use imperative language on guides, without the need of words like "please", "kindly", etc. The rest of the suggestions will be taken though.

```jsx showLineNumbers title=App.jsx
import React, { useRef } from 'react';
import {
  BasisTheoryProvider,
  // highlight-next-line
  CardElement,
  useBasisTheory,
} from '@basis-theory/basis-theory-react';

export default function App() {
  const { bt } = useBasisTheory('test_1234567890', { elements: true });
  // highlight-start
  // Ref to get access to the Element instance
  const cardRef = useRef(null);
  // highlight-end

  return (
    <BasisTheoryProvider bt={bt}>
      // highlight-start
      <CardElement
        id="myCard"
        ref={cardRef}
      />
      // highlight-end
    </BasisTheoryProvider>
  );
}
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="ios" label="iOS">

```text
CardElement is not yet available for iOS. If you need this feature, please let us know.

https://basistheory.com/contact
```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="android" label="Android">

```text
CardElement is not yet available for Android. If you need this feature, please let us know.

https://basistheory.com/contact
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Storing Cards

Now that you are securely capturing the cardholder data in your user-facing application(s), it is time to store it in your Basis Theory Tenant.

> To do this, we will call the [Create Token](https://developers.basistheory.com/docs/api/tokens/#create-token) endpoint from the SDK, passing the Card Elements as data points in the payload. This way, the card information is securely transferred from the frontend Elements to the Basis Theory vault, where they will reside in the encrypted form.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To do this, we will create a token with the [Create Token](https://developers.basistheory.com/docs/api/tokens/#create-token) endpoint from the SDK, passing the Card Elements as data points in the payload. This will securely create a token by transferring the card information from the frontend Elements to Basis Theory, where the card will be strongly encrypted and stored in a compliant environment.
```

Notice how the card `number`, also known as Primary Account Number (PAN), has been masked before it is returned to your application. This default behavior prevents your application being pulled in PCI DSS scope, for it only comes in contact with a truncated portion of the cardholder data. Later in this guide we will learn how to [customize masking](#masking).

## Customizing Tokens

The steps so far cover most cases when you need to collect cards in your frontend and store them in a secure location. However, in some scenarios you may need to customize your card tokens for specific business needs or technical requirements. In the following sections, you will find optional steps to follow for common problems solved by [Basis Theory Token capabilities](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#what-are-the-capabilities-of-a-token).

### Deduplication

Companies often find it necessary to uniquely identify cards flowing through their systems for various reasons, which may include: preventing fraudulent transactions, detecting abuse of credit cards, building consumer profiles or streamlining payment processing for a better user experience.

> By leveraging [token fingerprinting](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#fingerprinting), developers can recognize the tokenized data in a customizable fashion, without having to come in contact with the plaintext data. For cards, it is common to index in the Primary Account Number (PAN), but in some cases the expiration date may also be considered.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
By leveraging [token fingerprinting](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#fingerprinting), developers can recognize the tokenized data in a customizable fashion, without having to come in contact with the plaintext data. For cards, it is common to index in the Primary Account Number (PAN), in some cases the expiration date may also be considered.
```

            guard error == nil else {
                print(error)
                return
            }
        }
    }
}
```

  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="android" label="Android">

```kotlin showLineNumbers title=MainActivity.kt
class MainActivity : AppCompatActivity() {

    private fun submit() {
      val token = runBlocking {
        bt.tokens.create(object {
          val type = "card"
          val data = object {
            val number = cardNumberElement
            val expiration_month = cardExpirationDateElement.month()
            val expiration_year = cardExpirationDateElement.year()
            val cvc = cardVerificationCodeElement
          }
          val fingerprint_expression = "{{ data.number }}"
          // highlight-start
          val deduplicate_token = true
          // highlight-end
        })
      }
    }
}
```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

By doing the above, you are instructing Basis Theory to return the existing token if it is found to have the same fingerprint. [Click here to learn more about token deduplication](/docs/concepts/what-are-tokens#deduplication).

### Masking

> When a card token is created, the returned data follows a default masking pattern that reveals the last 4 digits of card. This is useful for displaying the card to the end-user without revealing the full number, generating receipts and payment history, etc.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
By default Card token's are created with a mask revealing only the last 4 digits of the card number. This is useful for generating receipts and payment history, etc which display the card details to the end-user without revealing the full number.
```

> However, being able to preserve the Bank Identification Number (BIN) from the card number can also be required for several reasons, including fraud detection, payment processing, customer service or account management. [PCI DSS allows](https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/faq/articles/Frequently_Asked_Question/What-are-acceptable-formats-for-truncation-of-primary-account-numbers/) applications to reveal up to first 8 and last 4 digits of a card number, depending on its length and Payment Brand. Luckily, when creating a token, you can express what segments of the PAN is useful to you with a single expressions filter: `card_mask`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
In other scenarios, being able to preserve the Bank Identification Number (BIN) from the card number can enable fraud detection, payment processing, customer service or account management. [PCI DSS allows](https://www.pcisecuritystandards.org/faq/articles/Frequently_Asked_Question/What-are-acceptable-formats-for-truncation-of-primary-account-numbers/) applications to reveal up to the first 8 and last 4 digits of a card number, depending on its length and Payment Brand. Luckily, when creating a token, you can express what segments of the PAN are useful to you with a single expressions filter: `card_mask`.
```

```json showLineNumbers title=token.json
{
  // highlight-next-line
  "id": "card_1Mxqr82eZvKYlo2CSaatci3m",
  "type": "card",
  "tenant_id": "15f48eb5-8b52-4cdd-a396-608f7cf001d0",
  "data": {
    "number": "42424242XXXX4242",
    "expiration_month": 12,
    "expiration_year": 2025
  },
  "created_by": "4a6ae2a6-79f8-4640-968f-88db913743df",
  "created_at": "2023-04-17T12:54:44.8320458+00:00",
  "fingerprint": "CC2XvyoohnqecEq4r3FtXv6MdCx4TbaW1UUTdCCN5MNL",
  "fingerprint_expression": "{{ data.number }}",
  "mask": {
    "number": "{{ data.number | card_mask: 'true', 'true' }}",
    "expiration_month": "{{ data.expiration_month }}",
    "expiration_year": "{{ data.expiration_year }}"
  },
  "privacy": {
    "classification": "pci",
    "impact_level": "high",
    "restriction_policy": "mask"
  },
  "search_indexes": [],
  "containers": [
    "/pci/high/"
  ]
}
```

Aliasing also supports passing custom data-bound expressions, that can generate length and format-preserving token identifiers. [Click here to learn more about Aliasing](/docs/expressions/aliasing).

[//]: # (TODO: add 6-8 digit BIN + last 4 example, )

## Conclusion

> By following the best practices prescribed in this guide, you can ensure that your user-facing applications are compliant with the latest security standards while protecting your users' sensitive card data. The `token.id` obtained at the end of the [Storing Cards](#storing-cards) section is a synthetic replacement for the sensitive data and can be safely stored in your database, or transmitted through your systems, meeting compliance requirements and reducing the risk of exposure in case of data breaches.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
The following best practices prescribed in this guide ensure that user-facing applications are compliant with the PCI-DSS standards and also ensure users' card data is protected. The `token.id` obtained at the end of the [Storing Cards](#storing-cards) section is a synthetic replacement for the sensitive data and can be safely stored in your database, or transmitted through your systems, meeting compliance requirements and reducing the risk of exposure.
```
